hi everyone I'm so excited because you
all know that I'm super crazy about cats
perfect new corset mold and you guys
already saw that I made this Shep 01 so
every single corset that i'm going to
make i'm going to keep the original but
i'm going to be taking orders for people
that want me to remake one of the models
that i did so with this one it's the
chapeau one has the master hat super
cute but are you guys ready to see the
new one that I made the new one that I
made is if I don't drop it so clumsy
today but the new the new corset that I
just made today is drumroll please put
this Alice in Wonderland one isn't she
cool so she has the like Alice's dress
Alice's dress is blue but she has the
white apron and she wears the black bow
in her hair so blue dress white apron
black bow in her hair then I have to
make it more look like Alice more than
theme I have the clock and this is
actually like drilled into the side you
know how he wears the the clock strapped
into him with this chain thing then it
has three white roses that are have kind
of like a red coloring to them for the
Red Queen and they're actually squishy
roses like and if you guys can see like
they're squishy but yeah so this is my
new my new mold and i will show you guys
the link to cats perfect channel and her
store where you can purchase this mold
yourself if you feel like making your
own corset so i like it a lot and yeah
if you guys are interested in me making
you one of these two molds or two
corsets or you have an idea of your own
corset just PM me thank you guys so much
for watching I hope you guys enjoyed